docs: new tutorials (#3292)
refinedev/refine: documentation/docs/tutorial/0-introduction/2-select-framework.md

---
id: select-framework
title: Selection of UI Framework
tutorial:
    order: 2
    prev: tutorial/introduction/prequisite
    next: tutorial/getting-started/{preferredUI}/index
---

import { SelectTutorialFramework } from '../../../src/components/select-tutorial-framework';

## Selection of UI Framework

> **refine** is a headless framework. It means you can build your app without any UI frameworks or something else. However, **refine** provides ready-to-use UI framework packages for you. You can use them to build your app faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**refine** is a headless framework. It means you can build your app without any UI frameworks. However, **refine** has built-in support for the most popular UI frameworks like Material UI, Ant Design, Mantine, and Chakra UI. You can speed up your app UI development with these powerful frameworks.
```

Before you start, you can read the API references of the [UI frameworks](/docs/api-reference/) to get more information about them.

> After this step, the tutorial will proceed according to your choice. You can choose one of the following UI frameworks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After this step, the tutorial will proceed according to your UI framework choice. You can choose one of the following UI frameworks or just go with the headless UI option:
```
